Update how to set your Git credentials to reference new Step (#526)
bitrise-io/devcenter: _articles/en/builds/setting-your-git-credentials-on-build-machines.md

> If you want to push back  (`git push`) any commits to your own repo from Bitrise **while running your build**, you have to **set your own username and the email address**. Here is how to do it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to push back  (`git push`) any commits to your own repo from Bitrise **while running your build**, you have to **set your own username and the email address**. There are two ways to achieve this:

- You can use a custom Script Step to set your credentials with the `git config` command.
- You can use the **Set Git Credentials** Step. 

Let's go through the latter option in detail:
```
